New admin cluster config commands doc (#15848)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-cli/commands/configuration/cluster/generate.md

# admin cluster config generate

With the `admin cluster config generate` command, you can generate a [dynamic configuration](../../../../../maintenance/manual/dynamic-config.md) file based on the [static configuration](../../../../../reference/configuration/index.md) file on the {{ ydb-short-name }} cluster.
The dynamic configuration uses the format of an extended static configuration; the command automates the conversion process.

General command syntax:

```bash
ydb [global options...] admin cluster config generate
```

* `global options` — Global parameters.

View the description of the dynamic configuration generation command:

```bash
ydb admin cluster config generate --help
```

## Examples {#examples}

Generate the dynamic configuration based on the static configuration:

```bash
ydb admin cluster config generate > config.yaml
```

> After executing this command, the `config.yaml` file will contain a YAML document like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After executing this command, the `config.yaml` file will contain a YAML document in the following format:
```
